all right guys come here with about you
forgotten your name spider what no Brock
now Oh Sean Sean and if I'm sky base cuz
i got tp'd it hey I'm going up first so
we've got our own armor and Dom source
and the colonel hopefully this will give
me diamonds or iron or anything oh man
thirty two blocks and the dirtiest and
enough I'm out of dirt I just get odds
go up there TPI you oh now I've got lots
of dirt don't worry Brett make another
platform why I'm just gonna get up I'm
just gonna get right underneath it cuz
he's not in there I think he's doing dgc
nice it's perfect so there guys defend
the gate so you were 7 gaming by the way
check out dragon tamer 8018 yeah i'll
put i'll put a link reach and
description it's Sean's channel sean is
down there look what you like right up
it wait a minute right I'm just gonna
make wick platform since I'm here don't
start ready sup this quick
well right amigo wait for me if I don't
farm wow did I spawn down here he has
some nice door oh my god accept it dude
a step too quick it's a hacker I have
gotten loads of iron I have to see it
dude okay I'm taking with a good oh
I still don't even see where all the
load virus i'll give you like half of it
I kalma got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 stacks of
iron unless he raided us from before no
so another person here a Judas before
his name was the red knocks or somehow
that so if you're watching us shut up i
export if you're right if you if you're
seeing this red nooks thanks for ride
you know you suck yeah you suck we will
find you and kill you right to anything
Cutt dunk this is it oh yes is it this
is well at least we have look you know
Chucky some of this iron oh dude she's
so destroys whole bye sis live nothing
here mmm I'm even gonna and even use his
own tools to do it right destroys whole
by Scott I don't have a shovel so I'll
feel I i I've got full inventory of iron
with saw it for iron armor why would you
have a door why would you have a door oh
there's an upstairs I think oh dude
sorry right wait a minute teen there's
nothing up here just a glass roof over
his farm well I've left my team on my
team I don't know that thought you're
showing a team no right
what's that platform doesn't like
anything right actually I think that
soldered flood the land below yeah okay
let's go lava I've got wait tell him
tell him I like were here I'd be
hilarious tell like hey thanks for your
cores manage Tobias okay message to
voice hi boys I'll put hi dude no space
yes why see what let him do thanks o
gunpowder that can be used for TG no
potions he had 29 TNT ah furnace awesome
guys requested to teleport to me it was
his name ah cool music 9 nah why don't I
could have fooled Armand amor don't want
to lose all this iron it's just like
sick I dude I need to sign we need a
sign why are you just gonna put like
thanks for the loot love avenge game in
nice we need to sign well I've got words
so good wait I've got wood
I just saw message Tim you done got
raided I've got a sign I got a sign
about sign right I'm gonna place a sign
that says this thanks for the wait don't
forget venir break the chest to get so
much sorry Avenged game love then game
there you go to sign that says thanks to
the loot to bite love avenge gaming oh I
think I liked out what I mastitis twins
jests I like town I think yeah i think
the service lag doubt yes i think
servers left out yeah yeah well this has
been avenged gaming raiding my bar